docs(migrating-5): add section about express.static dotfiles defaulting to ignore (#1987) (#1989)
expressjs/expressjs.com: en/guide/migrating-5.md

The `express.urlencoded` method makes the `extended` option `false` by default.

<h3 id="express.static.dotfiles">express.static dotfiles</h3>

> In Express 5, the `express.static` middleware's `dotfiles` option now defaults to `"ignore"`. This is a change from Express 4, where dotfiles were served by default. As a result, files and directories starting with a dot (`.`), such as `.well-known`, will no longer be accessible and will return a **404 Not Found** error. This can break functionality that depends on serving dot-directories, such as Android App Links, and Apple Universal Links.

Reviewer: In Express 4, the default value allowed files inside a directory that starts with a dot.
https://expressjs.com/en/4x/api.html#dotfiles
```suggestion
In Express 5, the `express.static` middleware's `dotfiles` option now defaults to `"ignore"`. This is a change from Express 4, where dotfiles were served by default. As a result, files inside a directory that starts with a dot (`.`), such as `.well-known`, will no longer be accessible and will return a **404 Not Found** error. This can break functionality that depends on serving dot-directories, such as Android App Links, and Apple Universal Links.
```
